It's you
You work for Wang Rongchang
Why did you tie me up?
Wait a minute and you'll know why
Xu Shiyang Wang Rongchang likes you so much
How dare you look at him?
I taught him a lesson
Your face that brings disaster to the country and the people is blocking my way of wealth
I scratched your face
See how you show off in the future
Marty
It was you who seduced Wang Rongchang
Why don't you believe it?
Do you believe it or not?
I'm going to report to Mrs. Wang
Then see if it's you who is disfigured.
Stop talking, I'll kill you now
What are you standing there for?
You work for Wang Rongchang
Are you just following this crazy woman around?
Ah Fei, you took my money
If you go crazy with him today
Believe it or not, this person will die tomorrow
This is the bed heating fee given to him by Boss Wang.
Worth millions
Mrs. Wang asked me to take care of him
Otherwise, do you really think that Boss Wang can acquiesce in your work for me?
You both have a point.
Hey
Since Boss Wang doesn't want this woman anymore
Can you open meat for me?
Okay, wait until I finish asking
So what do you do with it?
Is the man who slept with you Wang Rongchang?